### Part 1: Intro to JavaScript
1. The value inside the ```i``` variable i.e. ```prices.length```, will be printed without any errors. That is because though the ```i``` variable was declared inside the for-loop, it was declared with the ```var``` keyword, thus it acts like a global veriable and can be accessed from any scope. 
2. The value inside the ```discountedPrice``` variable i.e. the price of the final item after discount, will be printed without any errors. That is because though the ```discountedPrice``` variable was declared inside the for-loop similar to ```i```, it was declared with the ```var``` keyword, thus it acts like a global veriable and can be accessed from any scope. 
3. The value inside the ```finalPrice``` variable i.e. the rounded price of the final item after discount, will be printed without any errors.  That is because the ```finalPrice``` variable was declared with the ```var``` keyword, thus it acts like a global variable and can be accessed from any scope. 
4. The function will return ```[50, 100, 150]```. That is because since ```discount = 0.5``` i.e. 50%, the function will reduce each price in ```prices``` by half and put the reduced prices in the list ```discounted```. This ```discounted``` list will then be returned. (Note: the reduced price won't be rounded because the reduced prices are themselves whole numbers and there is no need to round them).
5. An error will occur. That is because the ```i``` variable was declared inside the for-loop with the ```let``` keyword, thus it only exists inside the scope of the for-loop. Since line 11 is outside the for-loop, it can't access ```i```.
6. An error will occur. That is because similar to ```i```, the ```discountedPrice``` variable was declared inside the for-loop with the ```let``` keyword, thus it only exists inside the scope of the for-loop. Since line 12 is outside the for-loop, it can't access ```discountedPrice```.
7. The value inside the ```finalPrice``` variable i.e. the rounded price of the final item after discount, will be printed without any errors.  That is because the ```finalPrice``` variable was declared in the same scope as line 13 i.e. scope of the function ```discountPrices```.
8. The function will return ```[50, 100, 150]```. That is because since ```discount = 0.5``` i.e. 50%, the function will reduce each price in ```prices``` by half and put the reduced prices in the list ```discounted```. This ```discounted``` list will then be returned. (Note: the reduced price won't be rounded because the reduced prices are themselves whole numbers and there is no need to round them).
9. An error will occur. That is because the ```i``` variable was declared inside the for-loop with the ```let``` keyword, thus it only exists inside the scope of the for-loop. Since line 11 is outside the for-loop, it can't access ```i```.
10. An error will occur. That is because similar to ```i```, the ```discountedPrice``` constant was declared inside the for-loop with the ```const``` keyword, which behaves like the ```let``` keyword scope-wise. Thus it only exists inside the scope of the for-loop. Since line 12 is outside the for-loop, it can't access ```discountedPrice```.
11. The value inside the ```finalPrice``` constant will be printed without any errors.  That is because the ```finalPrice``` constant was declared in the same scope as line 13 i.e. scope of the function ```discountPrices```.
12. An error will occur. That is because we have declared ```discounted``` and ```finalPrice``` with the ```const``` keyword, meaning both of them are declared as constant. But the function tries to change the values in ```discounted``` and ```finalPrice``` in line 8 and 7 respectively, which is not allowed. Once intitialized, the values of constants cannot be changed.
13. - A. ```student.name```
    - B. ```student['Grad Year']```
    - C. ```student.greeting```
    - D. ```student['Favorite Teacher'].name```
    - E. ```student.courseLoad[0]```
14. - A. The output was ```'32'``` because ```2``` was converted to the character ```'2'``` and then concatenated with ```'3'``` to get ```'32'```.
    - B. The output was ```1``` because ```'3'```was converted to number ```3``` and then ```2``` was subtracted from it to get ```1```. (Note: Unlike ```+```, ```-``` is not a valid operator for character operands thus the the type conversion of part A wasn't followed here.)
    - C. The output was ```3``` because ```null``` was converted to number ```0``` and then added to ```3``` to get ```3```.
    - D. The output was ```'3null'``` because ```null``` was converted to the string ```'null'``` and then concatenated with ```'3'``` to get ```'3null'```.
    - E. The output was ```4``` because ```true``` was converted to the number ```1``` and then added to ```3``` to get ```4```.
    - F. The output was ```0``` because ```false``` was converted to the number ```0``` and ```null``` was converted to the number ```0``` and then the two ```0``` were added to get ```0```.
    - G. The output was ```'3undefined'``` because ```undefined``` was converted to the string ```"undefined"``` and then concatenated with ```"3"``` to get ```"3undefined"```.
    - H. The output was ```NaN``` because ```"3"``` was converted to the number ```3``` and ```undefined``` was converted to the number ```NaN``` and then ```NaN``` was subtracted from ```3``` to get ```NaN```.
15. - A. The output was ```true``` because ```'2'``` is converted to ```2```. Then since ```2 > 1```, we get ```true```.
    - B. The output was ```false``` because lexicographically, string ```'2'``` is greater than string ```'12'```. Then since ```'2' > '12'```, we get ```false```.
    - C. The output was ```true``` because ```'2'``` is converted to ```2```. Then since ```2 == 2```, we get ```true```.  
    - D. The output was ```false``` because ```2``` and ```'2'``` are of different types i.e. number and string respectively.
    - E. The output was ```false``` because ```true``` is converted to ```1```. Then since ```1 != 2```, we get ```false```.
    - F. The output was ```true``` because ```Boolean(2)``` is equal to ```true```. Then since ```true === true``` i.e. same type and value, we get ```true```.
16. In the case ```==```, if the two operands to be compared are of different types, then they are converted to their numeric equivalent and then checked if they are equal. But in the case of ```===```, if the two operands to be compared are of different types, then they are declared as unequal without any further conversions and comparisons.
17. The string ```How are you?``` will get printed. That is because the first conditional ```2 == true``` will evaluate to false because ```true``` will be converted to the number ```1```. Since ```2 != 1``` then ```2 == true``` evaluates to false. But the second conditional ```2``` will be evaluated to true. That is because ```2``` is a truthy value, thus its boolean conversion is true. The line inside the 2nd if statement i.e. ```console.log('How are you?')``` will be implemented.
18. 
